If you're going to be in engineering then chances are you gonna be on
the higher end of the salary spectrum so you shouldn't really let money
be the goal, be the, be the reason that you choose a field however
from what I understand I think petroleum engineers probably make
the most money followed by chemical engineers, computer science is pretty
high up there I think last time I saw we were like third on the
list or something followed by electric electronics engineers, electrical
engineers, mechanics but no matter what you're, if, if you've
been in for several years you're probably looking at $100,000 per year
or more regardless of whatever engineering field you start with.